kim seong-joon is deep in debt and his
life seems completely hopeless
he jumps off a bridge into the han river
and washes up on the shore of bamzam
which lies directly below the bridge
after searching the island he finds it
is filled mostly with vegetation and
surrounded by the city
but too far to shout and he can't swim
[Music]
he finds a duck-shaped paddle boat and
begins to like living on the island free
of his debt and worries of city life
though it is not easy
[Music]
as he learns to survive on the island
his cry for help scrawled in the sand is
seen by kim jung-eon
a hakakomurai who spots him while
engaging in her nightly habit of
photographing the moon
[Music]
they soon begin exchanging messages with
jung yeon venturing out of her house at
night to throw bottled messages onto the
island
and song joon writing his replies in the
sand
seong joon also manages to cultivate
crops to prepare noodles for an instant
noodles packet of hajang main
[Music]
so
a torrential storm arrives destroying
song joon's farm and sweeping away the
possessions he has collected
he is found by a group of workers sent
to clean up litter on the island and
forced off
[Music]
song joon boards a bus in the city to
jump off the 63 building
jung yeon who after overcoming her
anxiety and desperately running across
the bridge
to find him manages to catch up to his
bus after the civil defense drill stalls
it
she boards and introduces herself to him